The Force user casts out with [their] mind's eye, searching for something lost, concealed, or forgotten.

# Basic Power
Seek's basic power allows Force users to find faraway things and to shatter sensory tricks that might hide their quarry. The basic power has two ways to spend #StarWarsLightDark :

The user may spend two Force points ( #StarWarsLightDark #StarWarsLightDark ) to gain insight into the general location or direction of a person or object that [they] know about, regardless of its current distance from [them]. The user may not activate this multiple times.
The user may make an Average difficulty Vigilance check with the power check to see through all sensory misdirections confronting [them], whether these come from technology or more esoteric sources. This power works against tricks such as cloaking fields, holograms, Force illusions, and even physical disguises, at the GM's discretion, but has no direct effect on spoken or written lies. To successfully see past the deception, the character must spend a Force point ( #StarWarsLightDark ) to activate the power and must succeed on the Average difficulty Vigilance check (or opposed Vigilance versus Discipline check if illusions are being created by another Force user). If the user succeeds, [their] supernatural senses pierce the falsehoods, letting [them] perceive the truth they conceal.
# Upgrades
**Control Upgrade:** Spend a Force point ( #StarWarsLightDark ) to track up to one additional target when using this power. The user can activate this multiple times.

**Control Upgrade:** The Force user becomes increasingly attuned to the subtle cues in the world around [them] and is capable of sharpening [their] mind-senses to cut through all distractions that might conceal important details. The power gains the ongoing effect: Commit a Force die. Upgrade the ability of all Perception and Vigilance checks the user makes once. The user may not activate this multiple times.

**Control Upgrade:** As it encompasses the lives of all things, so too does the Force contain the secrets of all ends. From time to time, a particularly perceptive Force user can spot these fault lines in the universe and, in doing so, uncover a unique opportunity or even an opponent's fatal flaw. To a Force user who has honed such an ability, all vulnerabilities and cracks in even the thickest armor are laid bare. The power gains the ongoing effect: Commit three Force dice. The user's attacks gain Pierce with a rating equal to the user's Cunning plus ranks in Perception (or increases existing Pierce rating by the same amount).

**Duration Upgrade:** The power gains the ongoing effect: Commit a Force die after successfully activating the basic power to find the direction of a person or object. Whenever the person or object moves, the Force user becomes aware of this movement and of the person or object's new general location or the direction [they] must follow to reach it.

**Magnitude Upgrade:** Spend a Force point ( #StarWarsLightDark ) to gain one additional helpful detail per rank of Magnitude about the location, direction, or path of the target when using the basic power to search for it. These details can include short flashes of phenomena including sights, sounds, smells, landmarks, or even brief visions, as determined by the GM. For instance, if the basic power reveals that the user's quarry was headed in the direction of the Yavin system, the GM might have this upgrade provide the user with an image of light falling through the leaves of large trees—giving the user an important hint as to which planet (or moon) in that system the target has chosen as a hiding place.

**Mastery Upgrade:** The Force user scans the target with [their] mind, following the flow of energy to the flaw that will be the enemy's undoing. The Force user makes a Force check as an action and chooses an enemy [they] can perceive. If [they] spend at least three Force points ( #StarWarsLightDark #StarWarsLightDark #StarWarsLightDark ), the user adds one automatic #StarWarsTriumph result to each combat check [they] make against the target until the end of the encounter. The user may not activate this multiple times.

**Strength Upgrade:** Spend a Force point ( #StarWarsLightDark ) to completely eliminate one Force-based illusion per rank of Strength purchased instead of merely seeing through it when using the basic power. Force illusions banished this way stop working against all targets they previously affected and vanish like mist in the sun. The user can activate this multiple times.
# Source 
 [[Force and Destiny Core Rulebook|Force and Destiny Core Rulebook:302]]