By feeling the flow of the Force and the seizing hostile currents in a mental grip, a Force sensitive can directly grapple with supernatural attacks, preventing harm and shielding allies from their strikes.

# Basic Power
The basic power of Suppress can be used in one way: to create a projective bubble around the Force user that dampens the effects of other Force powers meant to harm the user and nearby allies. The basic power has one way to spend Force points:

The user may spend a #StarWarsLightSide #StarWarsDarkSide (◑) to extend a dampening field around themselves that shields them and all allies in short range. Until the end of the user's next turn, any hostile Force user who makes a skill check as part of a Force power check against the user or any affected ally add an automatic #StarWarsFailure result to the results. The user may not activate this multiple times.
#StarWarsFailure 

# Upgrades
**Control Upgrade:** The power gains the ongoing effect: Commit one or more #StarWarsForce dice: When an opponent targets the user with a Force power, after the opponent generates #StarWarsLightSide #StarWarsDarkSide (◑), reduce the total #StarWarsLightSide #StarWarsDarkSide (◑) generated by 1 per #StarWarsForce die committed, to a minimum of 0.

**Control Upgrade:** Once per game session, the Force user may spend a Destiny Point to use Suppress as an out of turn incidental.

**Control Upgrade:** Whenever an enemy targets a character affected by Suppress with a hostile Force power, if that enemy used any #StarWarsDarkSide to generate #StarWarsLightSide #StarWarsDarkSide (◑) on the check, the enemy suffers strain equal to the user's rank of [[Discipline]].

**Duration Upgrade:** The power gains the ongoing effect: Commit a #StarWarsForce die after successfully activating the basic power. This power remains in effect on each affected target as long as the target stays within range of the power. If target moves beyond the range of the power, the effects end for [them] but not for any other targets affected by the power. The user may not activate this multiple times.

**Mastery Upgrade:** The user may choose an enemy within short range and attempt to disrupt that foe's use of the Force. The user makes a **Suppress power check** and rolls an **opposed [[Discipline]] vs. [[Discipline]] check** as part of the pool. If the user spends two #StarWarsLightSide #StarWarsDarkSide (◑◑) and succeeds on the opposed [[Discipline]] check, the user causes the target Force user to immediately uncommit all committed #StarWarsForce dice and immediately end all ongoing effects of Force powers, Force talents, and any other effects that required committed #StarWarsForce dice. The user may not activate this multiple times.

**Range Upgrade:** Spend a #StarWarsLightSide #StarWarsDarkSide (◑) to increase the maximum range at which the Force user can affect targets with this power by a number of range bands equal to Range upgrades purchased. The user may activate this multiple times, increasing the range by this number each time.

**Strength Upgrade:** Spend a #StarWarsLightSide #StarWarsDarkSide (◑) to add additional an automatic #StarWarsFailure result equal to the number of Strength upgrades purchased to hostile Force power checks targeting characters affected by Suppress. The user may not activate this multiple times.

# Source 
 [[Keeping the Peace|Keeping the Peace:38]]

